# r/dataisbeautiful Subreddit

## [Motor Vehicle Deaths](https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/1nag0zy/oc_deaths_from_motor_vehicle_crashes_per_100k/)
- This post is interesting to me because I currently live in an apartment right beside a road. With this being said, I hear what I can only assume to be an extraordinarily abnormal amount of car racing occuring during the night times. Having lived in Hawaii, in a residential neighborhood prior to this experience, I have never seen or heard car racing before, especially during the night times. It saddens me to know that other's lives are being put at risk because someone else doesn't think (or care) enough. 
- This data was sourced from the IIHS (Insurance Institute for Highway Safety)
- My best guess is that the original source data was in the form of a table, just like in excel, via the IIHS website linked below the reddit post. 
- The presentation of the data impacts my engagement in a positive way, where by using colors attached to a map (two things I'm familiar with), I'm able to both understand and depict the message of the graphic based on the data very quickly. This grabs my (highly fluctuating) attention, and tells me what I need to care about immediately without having to do extra work. 
- If I were to publicize the same message, I would do it in the exact same way. I would do it in the exact same way because 1. It caught my attention well, and got the message across quickly, and 2. I can't think of a better way than to use pictures and colors. 


## [Oldest People in History](https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/1n9y784/oc_interactive_geographical_distribution_of_the/)
- This post is interesting to me because as someone who currently enjoys life, I'd like to live for a very long time. I'm also extremely interested in the Japanese culture, and I know that the pride themselves on having long life spans, which is something else that brought my attention to this post. It makes me wonder "why" and "how"? 
- This data was sourced from the most reliable source on the internet, Wikipedia.org. 
- The original data is again shown as a table on the wikipedia site, listed in the footnotes of the reddit post
- The presentation of this data impacts my engagement in a positive way, because while keeping visuals as simple as possible with colored dots on a map, there is also a clear output of the data. On very quick glance, it looks like the east coast of America, very west of Europe, and Japan all have the oldest people in history. When we take a look downwards to south america, it looks like the oldest people alive are all bordering some sort of water. The same (sort of) can be said for everybody else on the map. This is pretty interesting, and although does not at all mean caustation, does lead me to believe some form of correlation. 
- If I were to publicize the same message, I would do it in the exact same way for the same reason as before

## [Correlation between Homosexuality and Religion](https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/1mzp2ln/oc_how_rejection_of_homosexuality_and_religion/)
- This post is interesting to me because I'm interested in traveling the world. I'm interested in different cultures, different people, and possibly living in another country in the far future. I think that there's a lot to say about how a country's general population views homosexuality in their religion, and I think that my living in another country might depend on a factor like that. This infographic also shows which countries are heavily religious and which are not, which could also be an important factor in my decision to live somewhere else.
- This data was sourced from the OWID (our world in data), which appears on quick glance to be a legit online source
- The original data not linked in the reddit post, but found [here](https://ourworldindata.org/grapher/share-of-people-who-think-homosexuality-is-never-justified), shows an interactive heat map
- The presentation of this data isn't fantastic for me, as it required a little but of thinking in order to determine the overall message of the data. I wasn't able to quickly pick up on what the data meant for each country, but that could just be my fault. With this being said, if I kind fo squint at the graphic, it shows a relatievly inverse correlation between hoomsexuality and religion where low religion / high acceptance and high religion / low acceptance seem to be both the most populated, and most opinionated categories. 
- If I were to change the way that the data was being shown, I would actually keep it as it was in its' original form. 

## [Median Income by State](https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/1n5dmaw/oc_individual_median_income_by_state_2023/)
- This post is interesting to me because I'm generally interested in job salary. As I search through computer science internships, I usually find myself staring at a range of possible intern salaries dependent on education level, qualifications, and geographic relocation. NYC, is usually the highgest, followed by somewhere like California. I think it's really interesting to see this graphic because my guess would have been that California would have been much higher on this list. With this being said, I'm almost sure that if graph were to measure average salary and not median salary, this would be the case. 
- This data was sourced from Bureau of Labor statistics
- The original data was linked in the comments by the author of the post [here](https://www.bls.gov/opub/reports/womens-earnings/2023/) and shows original data mostly in the form of bar graphs
- The presentation of this data is great, it shows basically another map with colors, which is the easiest on my mind. If there are only two variables to focus on, it's easier to understand what's happening faster. It's also probably why I clicked on this post in the first place. 
- I wouldn't change the way that the data was being shown.

## [2018 - 2020 Trending Google Searches](https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/hs9mnz/oc_trending_google_searches_by_state_between_2018/)
- This post is interesting to me because I noticed that most of what was being searched on the internet by the majority of our nation, I wasn't seaerching during those times. I also thought that some of the news that came out during that time, should have reached more of the nation. For example, on September 2nd, 2019, why was Florida the only state to flash towards 'Hurricane Dorian'? I understand that Florida has much higher chances of getting hurricanes, but it feels like even though other states have a lower chance of having hurricanes, these are events that still occur, which are still important even if those states aren't directl affected. This happened a couple of times during this video, where the very south east cost of America would flash towards some sort of hurricane, and the rest of America wouldn't. I also thought this post was interesting, because I found it so interesting. I didn't think that I would, but I watched the entire video, and then some. 
- This data was allgedly sourced from Google Year in Search, Google Trends
- The original data wasn't linked, I also couldn't find it online, but I did find [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61JHONRXhjs&list=PL590L5WQmH8fmto8QIHxA9oU7PLVa3ntk&index=1), which means the data is probably accessible out there somewhere.
- The presentation of the data I couldn't find. My guess is that it's either in a table, or because it's Google, it's in the form of graphs, probably either bar charts or a line chart. 
- I wouldn't change the way the data was being shown, I enjoyed watching changing colors and words on my screen. 